My mentors are so helpful to me. They they're people that I could just
turn thio when I have a question. How do I handle this? What do I dio?
You know, here's the decision I'm facing. You know me. You know
what do you Here's what I'm thinking. What do you think about this?
They're just They're people that I can bounce ideas off of. And especially
my mentors in psychology, You know, within the field are really
helpful for career decisions because they know the field. Um and
so they're really their advice. I trust them. Um, I know that they want
the best for me. Um, so, you know, my best interests are at heart
for them. Um, and they give good advice. You know, they they're wise.
They've been here before, they face similar choices or been in similar
situations. And they can always just say Well, you know, here's
what I did. And and so even if I don't do exactly you know what they're
advising me. I usually always use at least some part of the advice
that they give me Mhm